feat: tedge flows context (#3869)
thin-edge/thin-edge.io: docs/src/references/mappers/flows.md

  - Builtin steps provide generic building blocks such as %%te%% JSON translation into Cumulocity JSON.
  - Users can implement specific steps using JavaScript or TypeScript to refine transformations to their use cases. 
- If some message transformations can be fully defined only from the input message, most require a *context*.
  - What is the Cumulocity internal id of the device? What are the units used by a sensor? What is the location of the device?
  - For that purpose, %%te%% maintain a `context` object which is
    - passed to all invocations of transformation steps,
    - structured along 3 namespaces
      - `context.mapper` is shared by all the flows of a mapper

>       - `context.flow` is shared by all the steps of a flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - `context.flow` is private to the flow, shared by all the steps of that flow
```

Author: https://github.com/thin-edge/thin-edge.io/pull/3869/commits/b4012f17378f1ef8e3240c7fc06ff575731a4f3c
